.. Python-documentation documentation master file, created by
   sphinx-quickstart on Mon Jul 13 22:13:31 2020.
   You can adapt this file completely to your liking, but it should at least
   contain the root `toctree` directive.

Welcome to Python-documentation's documentation!
================================================

lorem ipsum dolor sit amet, consectetur adip
lorem ipsum dolor sit amet, consectetlorem ipsum dolor sit amet, consectetur adip
lorem ipsum dolor sit amet, consectetlorem ipsum dolor sit amet, consectetur adip
lorem ipsum dolor sit amet, consectetlorem ipsum dolor sit amet, consectetur adip
lorem ipsum dolor sit amet, consectetlorem ipsum dolor sit amet, consectetur adip
lorem ipsum dolor sit amet, consectetlorem ipsum dolor sit amet, consectetur adip
lorem ipsum dolor sit amet, consectetlorem ipsum dolor sit amet, consectetur adip
lorem ipsum dolor sit amet, consectetlorem ipsum dolor sit amet, consectetur adip
lorem ipsum dolor sit amet, consectetlorem ipsum dolor sit amet, consectetur adip
lorem ipsum dolor sit amet, consectetlorem ipsum dolor sit amet, consectetur adip
lorem ipsum dolor sit amet, consectetlorem ipsum dolor sit amet, consectetur adip
lorem ipsum dolor sit amet, consectet


Downloads
---------
**lorem ipsum dolor sit amet, consectetur adip
lorem ipsum dolor sit amet, consectetlorem ipsum dolor sit amet, consectetur adip
lorem ipsum dolor sit amet, consectetlorem ipsum dolor sit amet, consectetur adip
lorem ipsum dolor sit amet, consectetlorem ipsum dolor sit amet, consectetur adip
lorem ipsum dolor sit amet, consectetlorem ipsum dolor sit amet, consectetur adip
lorem ipsum dolor sit amet, consectetlorem ipsum dolor sit amet, consectetur adip
lorem ipsum dolor sit amet, consectetlorem ipsum dolor sit amet, consectetur adip
lorem ipsum dolor sit amet, consectetlorem ipsum dolor sit amet, consectetur adip
lorem ipsum dolor sit amet, consectetlorem ipsum dolor sit amet, consectetur adip
lorem ipsum dolor sit amet, consectetlorem ipsum dolor sit amet, consectetur adip
lorem ipsum dolor sit amet, consectetlorem ipsum dolor sit amet, consectetur adip
lorem ipsum dolor sit amet, consectet**

"lorem ipsum dolor sit amet, consectetur adip"
lorem ipsum dolor sit amet, consectetlorem ipsum dolor sit amet, consectetur adip
lorem ipsum dolor sit amet, consectetlorem ipsum dolor sit amet, consectetur adip
lorem ipsum dolor sit amet, consectetlorem ipsum dolor sit amet, consectetur adip
lorem ipsum dolor sit amet, consectetlorem ipsum dolor sit amet, consectetur adip
lorem ipsum dolor sit amet, consectet

.. figure:: _static/shyam.jpg
   :alt: Figure caption
   :scale: 40 %

   *Figure1*


:ref:`This takes to the beforebegin page <setting-up>`

*lorem ipsum dolor sit amet, consectetur adip*
lorem ipsum dolor sit amet, consectetlorem ipsum dolor sit amet, consectetur adip
lorem ipsum dolor sit amet, consectetlorem ipsum dolor sit amet, consectetur adip
lorem ipsum dolor sit amet, consectetlorem ipsum dolor sit amet, consectetur adip
lorem ipsum dolor sit amet, consectetlorem ipsum dolor sit amet, consectetur adip
lorem ipsum dolor sit amet, consectetlorem ipsum dolor sit amet, consectetur adip
lorem ipsum dolor sit amet, consectetlorem ipsum dolor sit amet, consectetur adip
lorem ipsum dolor sit amet, consectetlorem ipsum dolor sit amet, consectetur adip
lorem ipsum dolor sit amet, consectetlorem ipsum dolor sit amet, consectetur adip

* lorem ipsum dolor sit amet, consectetlorem ipsum dolor sit amet, consectetur adip
* lorem ipsum dolor sit amet, consectetlorem ipsum dolor sit amet, consectetur adip
* lorem ipsum dolor sit amet, consectetlorem ipsum dolor sit amet, consectetur adip
* lorem ipsum dolor sit amet, consectetlorem ipsum dolor sit amet, consectetur adip
* lorem ipsum dolor sit amet, consectet



.. toctree::
   :maxdepth: 2
   
   beforebegin

.. toctree:: 
   :maxdepth: 1
   :caption: Beginners

   startapp

Indices and tables
==================

* :ref:`genindex`
* :ref:`modindex`
* :ref:`search`
